README.md, before:

# Smooks Framework

This is the git source code repository for the [Smooks][1] Project.


## Build Status

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/smooks/smooks.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/smooks/smooks)


## Building

### Pre-requisites

1. JDK 8
1. Apache Maven 3.2.x

### Maven

1. `git clone git://github.com/smooks/smooks.git`
2. `cd smooks`
3. `mvn clean install`

Note you will need both maven (version 3+) and git installed on your local machine.

## Docker Build

You can also build from the [docker](https://www.docker.io) image:

1. [Install docker](https://www.docker.io/gettingstarted/).
2. Run `sudo docker build -t smooks github.com/smooks/smooks`.  This will create a docker image named "smooks" that contains the correct build environment and a cloned copy of this git repo.
3. Run `sudo docker run -i smooks mvn clean install` to build the source code.

## Community

You can join these groups and chats to discuss and ask Smooks related questions:

- Mailing list: [![google groups: smooks-user](https://img.shields.io/badge/group%3A-smooks--user-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/smooks-user)
- Mailing list: [![google groups: smooks-user](https://img.shields.io/badge/group%3A-smooks--dev-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/smooks-dev)
- Chat room about using Smooks: [![gitter: smooks/smooks](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitter%3A-smooks%2Fsmooks-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://gitter.im/smooks/smooks)
- Issue tracker: [![github: smooks/smooks](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%3A-issues-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/smooks/smooks/issues)


## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute some code/fixes to Smooks, [please see the following guidelines][2].


## License

Smooks is Open Source and available under the LGPL license, Version 3.0.


[1]: http://www.smooks.org
[2]: http://www.smooks.org/mediawiki/index.php?title=Code_Contribution_Guide
[3]: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/smooks-user
[4]: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/smooks-dev
[5]: https://gitter.im/smooks/smooks
[6]: https://github.com/smooks/smooks/issues

Commit message:

Re-licensed Smooks under Apache License 2.0, or LGPL v3.0 or later af… (#302)
* Re-licensed Smooks under Apache License 2.0, or LGPL v3.0 or later after reaching consensus with code contributors (see https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!topic/smooks-dev/vM6JzPmICEY)

* Added SPDX-License-Identifier to README

* license-maven-plugin requires requires Maven >= 3.5.4

* Replaced insecure link

* Moved comma in license header

* Placed comma before "or" in license header; moved license file to root path

README.md, after:

# Smooks Framework

This is the Git source code repository for the [Smooks][1] Project.

## Build Status

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/smooks/smooks.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/smooks/smooks)

## Building

### Pre-requisites

1. JDK 8
1. Apache Maven 3.2.x

### Maven

1. `git clone git://github.com/smooks/smooks.git`
2. `cd smooks`
3. `mvn clean install`

Note you will need both maven (version 3+) and git installed on your local machine.

## Docker Build

You can also build from the [docker](https://www.docker.io) image:

1. [Install docker](https://www.docker.io/gettingstarted/).
2. Run `sudo docker build -t smooks github.com/smooks/smooks`.  This will create a docker image named "smooks" that contains the correct build environment and a cloned copy of this git repo.
3. Run `sudo docker run -i smooks mvn clean install` to build the source code.

## Community

You can join these groups and chats to discuss and ask Smooks related questions:

- Mailing list: [![google groups: smooks-user](https://img.shields.io/badge/group%3A-smooks--user-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/smooks-user)
- Mailing list: [![google groups: smooks-user](https://img.shields.io/badge/group%3A-smooks--dev-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/smooks-dev)
- Chat room about using Smooks: [![gitter: smooks/smooks](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitter%3A-smooks%2Fsmooks-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://gitter.im/smooks/smooks)
- Issue tracker: [![github: smooks/smooks](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%3A-issues-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/smooks/smooks/issues)

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute some code/fixes to Smooks, [please see the following guidelines][2].

## License

Smooks is open source and licensed under the terms of the Apache License Version 2.0, or the GNU Lesser General Public 
License version 3.0 or later. You may use Smooks according to either of these licenses as is most appropriate for your project.

`SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0 OR LGPL-3.0-or-later`

[1]: http://www.smooks.org
[2]: http://www.smooks.org/mediawiki/index.php?title=Code_Contribution_Guide
[3]: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/smooks-user
[4]: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/smooks-dev
[5]: https://gitter.im/smooks/smooks
[6]: https://github.com/smooks/smooks/issues
